Add instructions for richer analytics to posthog-js (#6170)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/js/index.mdx

posthog.updateEarlyAccessFeatureEnrollment(flagKey, 'true')
```

#### Enriched analytics

> You can now send enriched analytics data for feature flags, which helps find recordings where people interact with a flag quickly, target people who've interacted with a feature seamlessly, or, easily build cohorts of people who've viewed a feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can send enriched analytics data for feature flags, which helps uncover replays where people interact with a flag, target people who've interacted with a feature, or build cohorts of people who've viewed a feature.
```

> To enable this, you can either use our `<PosthogFeature>` [React component](/docs/libraries/react#feature-flags-react-component), or if you're not using React, build your own.
> 
> We want the component to do 3 things:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable this, you can either use our `<PosthogFeature>` [React component](/docs/libraries/react#feature-flags-react-component) (which implements this for you), or implement it on your own if you're not building react:

To implement it on your own, there are 3 steps:
```

1. Whenever a feature is viewed, send the `$feature_view` event with the property `feature_flag` set to the name of the flag.
2. Whenever someone interacts with a feature, send the `$feature_interaction` event with the property `feature_flag` set to the name of the flag.

>     2.b. At the same time, set the person property `$feature_interaction/<flag-key>` to true. [Here's a code example](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/master/react/src/components/PostHogFeature.tsx#L48C10-L48C35)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. At the same time, set the person property `$feature_interaction/<flag-key>` to true. [Here's a code example](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/master/react/src/components/PostHogFeature.tsx#L48C10-L48C35).
```

> 1. Whenever a feature is viewed, send the `$feature_view` event with the property `feature_flag` set to the name of the flag.
> 2. Whenever someone interacts with a feature, send the `$feature_interaction` event with the property `feature_flag` set to the name of the flag.
>     2.b. At the same time, set the person property `$feature_interaction/<flag-key>` to true. [Here's a code example](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/master/react/src/components/PostHogFeature.tsx#L48C10-L48C35)

Reviewer 2: Let's include code samples in the docs for these. Make
s it much easier to follow
```suggestion
1. Whenever a feature is viewed, send the `$feature_view` event with the property `feature_flag` set to the name of the flag.

```javascript
code sample...
```
2. Whenever someone interacts with a feature, send the `$feature_interaction` event with the property `feature_flag` set to the name of the flag. In the same event, set the person property `$feature_interaction/<flag-key>` to true. 
    
```javascript
code sample...
```

> [Here's a code example for the entire React component](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/master/react/src/components/PostHogFeature.tsx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Here's a code example for the entire React component](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/master/react/src/components/PostHogFeature.tsx).
```

> [Here's a code example for the entire React component](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/master/react/src/components/PostHogFeature.tsx)

Author: It's here: https://posthog.com/docs/libraries/react#feature-flags-react-component - do you think I should link to this too?

> [Here's a code example for the entire React component](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/master/react/src/components/PostHogFeature.tsx)

Reviewer 2: Ah, yes I see we already linked the top. I dont understand why we link to this react component though? https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/master/react/src/components/PostHogFeature.tsx

Are these 3 steps only for building your own component?

> [Here's a code example for the entire React component](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/master/react/src/components/PostHogFeature.tsx)

Author: yes, the react component does all this automatically

> [Here's a code example for the entire React component](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/master/react/src/components/PostHogFeature.tsx)

Reviewer 2: Ah, okay. IN this case we can be clearer about this above. I'll add a suggestion
